Okay, taping, okay.
Welcome back.
When did you get back?
When did you get over from Italy?
Saturday.
Okay, so I'm still jet lagged, but I have to get up early, so it's serving me.
Starting in Philly?
Yeah, New York yesterday, but they didn't do anything.
Okay, well, this is an interesting situation with this book.
Not the situation so much with the Esquire.
What do you make of all this?
I read the story, I have to say, I was expecting this pornographic thing.
I said, Jesus Christ, there's nothing... In some ways I'm the wrong person to ask because I was completely... I never had any contact with any of the principals in this story.
I never talked to Will Blythe, I never talked to Ed Kozner.
I was working with another editor there.
But my impression is that this is simply a case of a kind of huge overreaction on the part of a very nervous publisher who was worried because the magazine, from what I gather, has been losing ad pages and was afraid that the story might offend advertisers.
The more interesting question is what was it about the story that made it?
her so jumpy when you considered that, you know, the March issue of Esquire had a ruler on the cover.
Which is amazing, which embarrassed me to show it to my daughter.
Yeah, it was, it was, I mean.
I mean, it was really amazing, the cover, the ruler.
Oh, I know.
Goes from 6 to 12 or something like that.
You know, I mean.
And it says the male ego or something.
And we're talking, you know, we're mentioning penises in the book, but we're actually giving the graphic an illustration of one on the cover of the magazine.
I mean, I don't think it's anything so simple as the fact that it was, at first I thought it was just a homophobic period of people, but I think it's more subtle than that.
I think something about the combination of the
fact that it has a protagonist called David Levitt and that there are these straight boys in UCLA proposing these kinds of indecent bargains, the whole effect of the story might have... I think it was something about the story itself that must have made people uncomfortable.
And to a certain extent, I take that as a compliment because I wanted the story to
have a provocative effect.
Yeah, well, there is background.
I mean, the New York Times did publish quite a large story within the last six months or so about the misfortunes at Esquire.
You know, I mean, it still has a good circulation, but it has lost a definition of itself.
And advertisers will say, well, where the hell is this magazine going?
And it is interesting that the worst thing that can happen in any business is that somebody in charge of advertising takes a look at a copy and has input as to whether or not the thing is going to be published.
And I hadn't even thought about it until I read some story about a Jeep being mentioned as a meeting place for a tryst.
I mean, that's exactly the kind of thing that they go crazy over.
But who's to say?
The problem is I can't really know, because the only people who can really answer these questions are the people at Esquire, and they're not talking.
Yeah, but I've got to tell you, having read the story, the novella, I said, there's the problem here.
We're mature adults.
I mean, I really expected a lot more.
A lot different.
I mean, it's a funny story, I think, actually, this humor there.
I think people are failing to see the humor in it.
Maybe you didn't intend it to be humorous.
Oh, no, I intended it to be very humorous.
And, in fact, they bought the story in August, and all I heard from the day that the story was bought until the surprising facts arrived from Ed Kozner was how much everybody there loved it and how proud they were to be publishing it and
I got the feeling that the people in the editorial side of the magazine really saw this story as part of an opportunity to regain Esquire's old reputation.
Macho man.
But not so much that.
The days when Esquire would send Jean Genet to the Democratic Convention.
I thought you meant their image as the Hemingway kind of magazine.
Before that, they had this reputation for being fairly daring.
and so uh you know when when the one thing that i found very offensive was when kosner started
bad-mouthing the story and saying that he'd made this decision weeks before, which is absolutely untrue.
Yeah, that's the part that pisses you off is when they start to lie about, when they have to justify their reasons when the reasons are so transparently obvious.
You'd respect them more.
And this is not for my piece, really.
I'm just fascinated by them.
There is a kind of an underlying irony here, isn't there, when you open this story and you do tell a lot of the factual stuff that happened to you.
Yeah.
And you mentioned Viking and Salman Rushdie and your experience with them.
And then, you know, it's almost a repetition in a similar manner here, isn't it, in a way?
It is kind of ironic that of all the stories, the other thing that I find ironic is that this is a story about a writer trying to regain a certain privacy and to get out of the cycle of the media.
And what should happen but that this particular story should cause a scandal and therefore put its author into the middle of a kind of media service.
Of all the stories for it to happen to.
Another kind of, it's not amusing for you, but you mentioned, you know, as this guy Ben is reading the story, you feel like you're sitting next to Michiko.
And then she whacks you in the times anyway.
I know.
Go figure, you know.
It's almost your worst fear realized over there.
I feel that she misread the story myself, to be honest with you.
Again, I'm not planning to discuss other reviews on my stories.
I appreciate that.
You can't go by what you read all the time, can you?
We met you and I some years ago when you came through Boston.
I think you were with Morrow at the time.
A Viking, probably.
I think it was pre-Viking.
Maybe it was with Weidenfeld.
Were you with Morrow at all?
No.
Okay, so I think it must have been Weidenfeld.
Yeah, one book.
It still existed.
It's not funny, I thought it was Morrow.
You look pretty good at this.
I mean, the title clearly does suggest, and then you give us the provenance of the source of the title.
I mean, was there a sense of escaping for you?
I mean, did you want to go into a kind of Arkansas in the Oscar Wilde sense?
Oh, I absolutely wanted to.
The irony, of course, was that, like the protagonist of all three of these novellas, I couldn't.
You know, you...
The irony of that title and that epigraph is that, of course, such a place, such a sort of paradise of exile, to borrow a phrase from Shelley, can never really exist because things follow you.
And that to me was the link between the three novellas, the idea that all three of them had to do with people trying to escape things inside themselves by going to a different place, whether it's Los Angeles or in the Second Story, Italy, and discovering that to do so is really impossible.
Why three novellas and not a novel?
Well, I became very interested in the novella.
I started off by writing Saturn Street, and the reason I wrote it as a novella was because at that point I was very, very blocked.
I'd been trying to write a novel for several years, and I'd never been able to get past page 80.
I had six versions of the first 80 pages, and I started writing Saturn Street as a kind of exercise to free up my creativity because it had been such a long time since I'd finished anything.
I figured maybe the thing to do would be to try something shorter.
And I initially intended it as a story, but it grew longer than a story.
After that, I became very fascinated by the form.
I've always loved short novels, for example, Muriel Sparks novels.
And Forster defined the novel as a prose narrative of less than 50,000 words.
And I thought, well, what about those
things that are too long to be stories and too short to be novels, and I started reading a lot.
And I found it in extremely a form that was full of possibilities, perhaps because of its unorthodox length.
And I was reading a lot of Alan Gerganis' novellas.
Certainly not his novel, if we're talking brevity.
Oh, yeah.
But I love some of the sort of seven, 100-page pieces he writes.
And I reread Death in Venice.
I read some of Jane Smiley's novellas again.
And I just...
fell in love with the form.
I had the sense here in the title novella that there is a pleasure in re-reading and the re-discovery of old novels.
Did you go through something like this particularly?
You're talking about James and Forrester.
Yeah.
That was to a great degree for me the result of living in Italy and not having access to new books.
So I would read old books because
When I was living in Florence and I would go to the American bookshop there, it's a bookshop that fundamentally caters to students having their junior years abroad.
And so they stock lots of Henry James and lots of B.M.
Forster and lots of D.H.
Lawrence.
And so those were the writers I started reading because I hadn't read any of them since I've been in college.
Were you already embarked in this particular story?
I mean, are these borrowings, these are things that kind of come into the
That actually happened before.
I wrote the term paper artist after I wrote Saturn Street.
And it was in a very oblique way, a way of talking about what had happened to me in the years between the Spender lawsuit and... You're talking about now the term paper artist.
The term paper artist.
Right.
But this came after you had written the other story, the other novella.
Saturn Street.
Right.
Yes.
So did you see that you were, did you envision what you were doing as, that you were embarked on a kind of exorcism that you were going to, did you expect that you would get to the term paper artist?
No.
Because that clearly is the next phase in the creative process.
Yeah.
But it's the central, you know, it's certainly the only story everybody's talking about right now.
I mean, unfairly, I think.
Well, looking back, it makes sense.
that I was on my way to writing the term paper artist.
But I wasn't conscious of that at the time.
At the time of composition, of course.
Yeah.
Never is.
But do you feel that this has been an exorcism for you?
It was a very liberating book.
It was a very freeing book for me.
It was not only freeing in the sense of helping me to
in a psychological sense, to exercise a lot of demons, but also it provided me with an opportunity to try to expand my range.
Maybe the pun I should use is exercise and exercise.
Yeah, okay.
They both apply, I guess.
Yeah, and I felt...
that I was able to get out of a certain repetitiveness that I was falling into in that novel that I was never able to finish, where it seemed to me that I was constantly going back and repeating ideas that I'd already written about.
And I think most writers go through that phase, you know, where you maybe you can verify from your experience, you know, where you suddenly you go through a period when you really feel like you're spinning your wheels.
And you know that some kind of leap is on the horizon, or at least you hope that some sort of leap is on the horizon.
And then once it comes and you make that leap onto another level, you look back and you realize that that whole time you were spinning your wheels, you were actually preparing for it.
What's a famous New Yorker cartoon a writer isn't always writing when he's writing?
Yeah, exactly.
That's the guy lying down in the hammock in the backyard.
But, of course, the fear is that it'll never happen, that you'll keep waiting and waiting and waiting, and it'll never come.
Do you think that you said what you have to say about that Spender incident?
So you don't think that really a non-fiction treatment at some point, from your point of view, is necessary?
Not at the moment.
I mean, I wrote the introduction to the revised.
Exactly.
And if someday I write my memoirs, which is something I don't anticipate doing any time in the near future, I might talk about it.
Well, I mean, you're still well on the other side of 40.
Well, exactly, but that doesn't seem to be stopping anyone else from writing their memoirs.
Without naming any names, I'm looking.
Well, as long as the memoir remains trendy and gets onto the front page of the New York Times, I'm not writing one.
Did you see the piece in Sunday's Times about this whole genre?
Yes.
And this woman has written a memoir about an affair with her father.
Yeah.
and doesn't want you to try and identify them.
So why does she write the book, I wonder?
I don't know.
I haven't read it.
A friend of mine was telling me that she read it expecting to hate it and actually thought it was very good.
I saw a very positive blurb from Toby Wolfe in Today's Times, which kind of...
So you really can't tell, can you?
You have to read this thing.
That's the strange thing about the period we're living in.
You know, it's like what... I heard George Steiner speak last year.
Where?
In Rome.
Really?
Yeah.
I've been hoping to get an interview with him.
I was in England a couple weeks ago for this.
Anyway, go ahead.
I think he's such a genius.
Yeah.
and uh he was he was so impressive it spurred me to read real presences where he talks about that whole idea of the secondary city exactly that's in the new the new book from yale i think isn't it uh i think so yeah but this idea that we live in a culture where people basically read more texts about other texts than read the books themselves you know where everybody and you find this in new york all the time everybody reads the reviews everybody reads the interviews and then
I just did it a few minutes ago.
I said, well, I haven't read it, but I've heard that.
And we fall into this kind of language.
And it kind of scares me because it seems to me we're approaching a time when there won't be any need for books.
There'll just be, you know, talk about books.
Well, then, of course, who's who?
Who will be writing the books at that point?
You know, down at Brown University, they have this, in fact, I have to get down there, Bob Coover's.
Oh, yeah.
This whole interactive fiction department where, go ahead, I'm sorry, you were about to say something.
I've heard about that.
Yeah, and there's another guy down there who wrote this book called Hypertext.
And Landau, I think is his name.
He's down there too.
And they actually have novels that they put up there on the web.
I mean, this concerns me.
It's suggesting that a novel is no longer the work of one individual or that it's subject to constant change.
I agree.
And I also think there's something a little bit scary about the novel not having a physical existence.
I mean, there's something very comforting to me about the physical fact of a book.
It is not the same to read scrolling text on a computer screen.
Well, a couple of weeks ago, about four weeks ago, I went down to MIT to the media lab there, which you've probably heard of.
Yeah.
And I'd read a little item about the book of the future that they're developing there, you know, in great secrecy.
And I went in and, you know, you see a name in the newspaper, Professor Joe Jacobson.
So, you know, you expect to see a guy in his 50s maybe, right?
This is a 31-year-old kid.
And I said, you're young.
And he said, is that an issue?
And I said, in this case, I think it is.
You know, it does take...
somebody like 29 and now 30 31 year old joe jacobson to come up with what he calls the electronic book and and and it's a book that they're making and that they will have available in two to three to four years and the only thing holding them back is expense not technology but a book that looks like a book that has paper that looks like paper that has electronic ink and you can load each of these books with 3 000 different books
and on the spine you can dial uh david levitt or whoever you want and it'll appear and it will appear on the page with like this electronic ink like a screen and it will even replicate the type the size of the type you can enlarge the type um and they're calling this the last book you know you'll ever need i mean something scary about that but it's the ephemeral nature i don't care if it's paper and if it's the physicality of the thing
You know, when you still push the button, the page erases or it disappears.
It's very scary.
I don't know quite where I'm going with this just yet.
No, but what about the wonderful smell of libraries?
And that's what I write about, you know.
But anyway, it is comforting to...
to hear you say that there is something about the physicality of the book that you still... Absolutely.
I haven't really questioned you about the content of these novellas, and I really try not to do that.
I mean, that's my job to read them and to comment on them.
And I do find that the fiction writers are the most interesting, most challenging to interview because...
I mean, because I do have that responsibility.
We have to kind of cut around the corners here and try and get some quotes.
And I really don't like to ask you to comment on other reviews, and I never use them in my pieces, but I did sense in Michiko's piece that she's very concerned that you seem to use sex as the yardstick.
of what she suggests is quote unquote gay fiction or a gay novel i mean how would you respond to that why and you know i didn't really see um well i mean certainly sex is at the center of these stories but is it necessary for sex to be such an important element i don't think it's it's necessary but at the same time i don't see why why sex is any
less legitimate or more controversial an area of inquiry and human experience than any other I mean you know there seems to be a renewed squeamishness among critics these days writing about sex and I am a little bit perplexed by it simply because in the 70s and 80s people were writing about sex all the time without
necessarily creating any kind of reaction on the part of a readership simply because they were writing about sex.
I write about sex not for its own sake but because I think it's a very interesting way of exploring relationships.
For me the difference between pornography and literary writing about sex is that pornography exists to arouse and literary writing about sex exists to explore the ways in which sex expresses
the content of a relationship between two people.
And this isn't a particularly new idea.
This is something that, you know, since Freud has been a kind of commonplace among psychoanalysts.
I mean, I remember a friend of mine is a shrink telling me that he had a professor who said, everything is about sex except for sex, which is about aggression.
That's a great question.
And so it doesn't seem to me a particularly, you know, wild or outrageous or even...
risky thing to do.
It simply seems one of several important areas of human experience that deserves to be talked about.
You know, are you familiar with a book that was published not even a year ago called Push by Sapphire?
Yeah, I didn't read it, but I'm familiar with it.
And I read it, and I liked it, by the way, you know, again.
But nobody mentioned...
None of these same critics got bent out of shape by the unbelievable sexual content of that book.
I mean, here's a young girl that is repeatedly raped by her father, has two children by him, has AIDS by him.
And that seems to be the whole...
essence of this particular book what i liked about it is that that you know this bittersweet resolution is through reading as to the discovery of words of the awareness that you can't read and i found that kind of endearing in a great way but none of these critics that read this book had any problem at all with the use of you know sexual themes and content and language that is
believe me, far more explicit than anything I read in your book.
Maybe it's because it's homosexual.
I don't know.
Well, I think that's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm asking here.
The only reason I would hesitate in the case of Michiko Kakitani to think that is that I have seen her go after other books for having a lot of sexual content that were not gay.
For example, if I recall correctly,
I think she was, maybe I'm wrong, maybe it wasn't her, but I thought she was going after Nicholson Baker after he published Vox for a similar reason.
I mean, it may be that... I'll check that out.
Are you online, by the way?
No.
Well, the New York Times now has a site, you know, you can search 50,000 reviews free going back to 1980.
So, I mean, as soon as we finish, I'll go check.
Yeah, I may be wrong about that.
But I think that it may be more, maybe people don't,
get more nervous.
This is just a hypothesis.
When sex is talked about as something fun, as opposed to when sex is talked about as something horrible.
That is to say, if a book describes a girl being raped by her father getting AIDS, the ugly side of sex is somehow less disturbing to people than the idea of writing about
people enjoying sex, especially enjoying sex in a perverse or unconventional way.
I mean, I thought Vox was a masterpiece, and yet there was such a backlash against it, critically, simply because it was a kind of, it reveled in sex.
Well, I was out in California a couple months ago, and I'm working on this new book.
And, of course, you know what Baker's been saying about the San Francisco Public Library destroying all the card catalogs and disposing of books.
And one of his biggest critics is Mike Keller down at Stanford.
And he said, who can believe anything a pornographer?
You know, he made this public comment.
This is the head of the Stanford University Library.
It came back at him as a...
You know, totally irrelevant, even if it was, you know what I'm saying, he attacked him by the strength of that book.
Well, you see, and he's not writing, I mean, he is as heterosexual as you can get.
And yet he is having a lot of the same problems.
I thought Vox was great.
I didn't much like the Firmata, which I found a kind of attempt to do Vox a second time, not as successful.
Revisited.
But I really thought Vox was wonderful.
Interesting.
I can't say it was... I read it through, so that's going to stand for something.
It seemed to me to say so much about certain kinds of obsessive sexuality.
Yeah.
Let me see.
So what are you working on now?
I'm just finishing a novel that's called The Page-Turner.
Oh, I like.
It refers, in this case, to the person who turns the pages for a pianist.
Oh, very interesting.
And it's about a former child prodigy pianist in his late 30s trying to make the transition from being a child prodigy to being just a musician.
see my first image when you said the page turner i was just at the british library and they have they have a brand new computer called turning the pages really and uh it hasn't been this will be at the new british library and they're there is the reading room still open uh it is it's it's
A lot of things have been stripped out of there.
Books are moving to the new place at the rate of 10,000 volumes a day, which is... Oh, God.
Because the Reading Room of Bear Sniper is one of my favorite places on earth.
The new place is going to be wonderful, though.
It is?
Yeah.
I had a tour of it a couple weeks ago.
And what will they do with the old Reading Room?
The museum is going to do something with it.
And they've got a big capital program, and so...
But you will love the new British Library.
Oh, I'm sure.
I spent a lot of time there last year because Mark Mitchell and I were researching this anthology we've just done about called Pages Passed from Hand to Hand, which is about the tradition of gay-themed fiction in English from the 18th century through World War I.
How do you mean by hand-to-hand?
Well, the title refers... Hasn't been published?
I'm curious.
This whole concept of book culture and reading culture is of great interest to me.
Well, the title refers to Talany, which was a sort of underground...
semi-pornographic but very great 19th century novel written by several people, one of whom may have been Oscar Wilde.
Before it was eventually published in Paris, it existed in the form of a manuscript that was passed from hand to hand.
Really?
How do you spell it?
Telany, T-E-L-E-N-Y.
And is there literature on it?
Yeah, it's available now.
But I mean, is there literature on the history of it?
There's
Some people have written about it.
There's a good introduction to the British edition that tells the entire history of it.
And we've written a fairly detailed history of it in the anthology.
And when will this be published?
In the fall.
By whom?
Hoden Mifflin.
Oh, good, good, good, good.
But to research this book, especially the English material, we spent about two weeks at the British Library in that reading room, reading all sorts of weird, old, for example, public schoolboy novels.
Things like that.
And I loved it.
I developed such a fondness for that place.
Yeah, it's a wonderful place.
Let's see, what else did I want to ask you?
Oh, your mind jumps around here.
I mean, I think I have this pretty clear.
Okay.
There was another question, but you can't...
Of course, it'll come to me just as soon as I have.
When are you coming up here?
On the day after tomorrow.
Yeah, I have to go to Washington, unfortunately.
I would much rather do this in person.
I told Laurie I really did want to talk to you, so...
I have to say, I really prefer the personal interview to the telephone interview.
I do too.
But this, I did want to do the story, and we'll get it up pretty quickly.
You're going to be around at all today, if I want to call back?
Yeah, I'll be from sort of 2 until about 6.
I'm going to be here part of the time on the phone, part of the time doing a print interview.
Okay.
So yeah, if you call back.
Okay, good.
I think we're fine.
Okay.
I know there was another question.
Not necessarily burning, but pretty interesting.
And, of course, it escapes me right now.
But I enjoyed talking with you again and look forward to the next time.
Oh, yeah, here's the question.
I mean, you're now, what, 35?
So tell me, were you happy with the arc of your career up there?
If you could just briefly talk about the arc of your career as a literary career, where it was going, and then the ramifications and the consequences of that whole Spender incident.
Well, I still don't know, because I think time will tell.
I mean, I don't think it's had long-lasting ramifications.
And I'm very glad that the book is going to be published in England finally.
in the fall.
And obviously in the revised?
Yes, and not by Penguin.
I've changed publishers there.
However, you know, when I look back, I often feel that I would, from a commercial standpoint, I benefited very much from publishing as early as I did.
From an artistic standpoint, I'm not sure if I did.
I think that I probably became a little bit arrogant after my first book
in the way that here I was being lauded as a serious writer, as a very young man.
And at a point when what I needed to do was go through a period of very slow development, I was being urged to publish more.
And so when I look back, I'm sometimes a little embarrassed by some of the things that I wrote between Family Dancing and Willing and Sleeps.
And I often wish that I'd had
a more conventional career.
I mean, for example, I just read Edmund White's new book, The Farewell Symphony, and at one point he says about the five novels that he wrote and never published, how relieved he is now that he never published them.
Do you have any stuff on the desk drawer?
Sure.
Gathering dust.
For example, Houghton Mifflin is going to bring in a new paperback edition of The Lost Language of Cranes.
And as I was reading it over, I just winced with embarrassment at some of the things I'd done.
Were you tempted at all to change it?
I am going to.
Oh, you are?
I'm not going to change anything huge.
But I'm doing some tightening and editing.
Well, that's very interesting because so many authors I've talked to, I mean, there really is an attitude about completed work being regarded as completed work and representing, you know, again, it goes back to the arc of your career.
And I'm wondering, you know, if maybe even though it makes you wince today at 35, maybe that does represent who you were as a writer, you know, when you were 28 or so.
It's the only book I do it with, though.
Because I think it's not that I want to change anything substantive.
I just found it sloppy.
Do you have a sense of neatness here, then, that you wanted to?
I wanted it to read better.
You know, there were some very embarrassing, at one point, some terrible problems with, for example, redundancies, such as referring to a plastic Tupperware container.
You know, that kind of thing, which seems so...
Well, if you make it Tupperware, make it plastic, right?
Exactly.
And that's the level of the kinds of things I'm changing.
But when I read those things now, I just win.
Hmm.
Okay.
That's not revision.
But I did an interview with Tim O'Brien when the Lake of the Woods came out.
He made this unbelievable assertion that when the paperback of Cacciato came out, he really did considerable rewriting of it without telling anybody.
And then he got a letter from a professor someplace who said he was reading the book from his hardcover and his students were reading it from the...
from the paperback, and they said, Jesus, this is different here.
And I said, well, you know, why?
That was a National Book Award winning novel.
Why change it?
And that's you 20 years ago.
And he said, well, I have this obligation to make this
beautiful piece of work, you know, make it as beautiful as I can.
And that's one attitude.
Henry James certainly had that attitude too, didn't he?
Yes, he certainly did.
With mixed results.
I think decidedly mixed results.
The prefaces to the New York edition are wonderful, but I don't know if the changes he made in the novels, you know, made them better.
No, I tend to prefer the earlier.
Yeah.
But anyway, listen, I'll let you go.
That was good.
That was kind of what I wanted to discuss.
Well, thanks very much.
And I think you did.
And I look forward to it.
Do you mind one other quick question?
When you first, you know, and again, I haven't even brought it up because it hasn't occurred to me, but, you know, you were identified as, you know, this quote-unquote gay fiction writer.
I think that bothers you.
That would be my sense.
It bothers me less now than it used to, but I'm willing to accept it since I don't have much choice, but I want it to be made clear that I'm a writer first and gay second.
Okay.
And that, you know, anyone who enjoys reading, you would hope and you would expect, you know, that they will read the books for the pleasure of the literature.
I wish that the language would allow me to call myself a writer gay.
Who even needs that?
Exactly.
But no, I mean, as long as it's clear that my commitment primarily is to writing.
And also I think the classification of what is gay fiction, you know?
I mean, that makes it a genre itself, doesn't it?
Well, unfortunately.
But I think that that's more the result of publishing than anything else.
The fact that publishers have discovered a kind of
easy way to market books by selling them only at gay bookstores and advertising them only in gay publications, as if the books, because of gay subject matter, automatically are of no interest to anyone else.
Just think if you'd had some of these UCLA students narrating that novella, they'd market it as young adults, probably.
Maybe that's the next thing is I should rewrite the whole thing from the point of view.
Well, I mean, it is said that if Catcher in the Rye would be issued today, it would be issued as a young adult novel.
Isn't that incredible?
Because the narrator is a kid, you know?
And that's publishing today.
That's publishing.
Okay, sir.
You take care.
Thank you.
Nice talking to you.
Bye-bye.